Update policy-csp-localusersandgroups.md (#11002)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/client-management/mdm/policy-csp-localusersandgroups.md

Example 1: Azure Active Directory focused.

> The following example updates the built-in administrators group with the SID **S-1-5-21-2222222222-3333333333-4444444444-500** with Azure AD account "bob@contoso.com" and an Azure AD group with the SID **S-1-12-1-111111111-22222222222-3333333333-4444444444** on an AAD-joined machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example updates the built-in administrators group with the SID **S-1-5-21-2222222222-3333333333-4444444444-500** with an Azure AD account "bob@contoso.com" and an Azure AD group with the SID **S-1-12-1-111111111-22222222222-3333333333-4444444444** on an AAD-joined machine.
```

Example 2: Replace / Restrict the built-in administrators group with an Azure AD user account.

> [!NOTE]

> > When using ‘R’ replace option to configure the built-in ‘Administrators’ group with SID **S-1-5-21-2222222222-3333333333-4444444444-500**. It is required to always specify the administrator as a member + any other custom members. This is because the built-in administrator must always be a member of the administrators group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When using the ‘R’ replace option to configure the built-in ‘Administrators’ group with the SID **S-1-5-21-2222222222-3333333333-4444444444-500** you should always specify the administrator as a member plus any other custom members. This is necessary because the built-in administrator must always be a member of the administrators group.
```

Example 3: Update action for adding and removing group members on a hybrid joined machine.

> The following example shows how you can update a local group (**Administrators** with SID **S-1-5-21-2222222222-3333333333-4444444444-500**)—add an AD domain group as a member using its name (**Contoso\ITAdmins**), add a Azure Active Directory group by its SID (**S-1-12-1-111111111-22222222222-3333333333-4444444444**), and remove a local account (**Guest**) if it exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how you can update a local group (**Administrators** with SID **S-1-5-21-2222222222-3333333333-4444444444-500**)—add an AD domain group as a member using its name (**Contoso\ITAdmins**), add an Azure Active Directory group by its SID (**S-1-12-1-111111111-22222222222-3333333333-4444444444**), and remove a local account (**Guest**) if it exists.
```
